README.md, before:

![ChainSafeGaming](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/681817/218129249-850c4be0-b64f-4215-a780-7766db8cd75e.png)


[<img alt="Discord" src="https://img.shields.io/discord/593655374469660673.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=Discord&logo=discord" height="20">](https://discord.gg/Q6A3YA2)
[<img alt="Twitter" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/espadrine.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=Twitter&color=1DA1F2" height="20">](https://twitter.com/chainsafeth)

## Notices

After **June 15, 2023** all users of the SDK will be required to have their projects registered. Please ensure that you have a valid project ID to avoid any service interruptions by this time. If you need help getting a project ID, we've put together a tutorial to guide you through the process: https://docs.gaming.chainsafe.io/current/project-id-registration.

As always, we're here to help, so feel free to message us in ⁠🕹web3unity-gaming-general  or ⁠🕹gaming-help if you're stuck and need help!

## Documentation
https://docs.gaming.chainsafe.io/

## Support
- Need help with web3.unity or found a bug? Be sure to read the documentation above, then review existing issues or create a new one [here](https://github.com/ChainSafe/web3.unity/issues). This is the best way to get help from the ChainSafe Gaming team.
- Need help from the community, including questions not related to web3.unity? Ask in #community-code-support on [Discord](https://discord.gg/Q6A3YA2).

## Contributing
- Have an idea for a new feature that would improve web3.unity? Create a feature request [here](https://github.com/ChainSafe/web3.unity/issues/new?assignees=&labels=Type%3A+Feature&template=feature_request.md&title=).
- Have a code contribution you'd like to make directly? Make a pull request to this repo!
- Join our community! Say hi on [Discord](https://discord.gg/Q6A3YA2) in #web3unity-gaming-general and share your project built with web3.unity in #gaming-showcase.

## ChainSafe Security Policy

### Reporting a Security Bug
We take all security issues seriously, if you believe you have found a security issue within a ChainSafe
project please notify us immediately. If an issue is confirmed, we will take all necessary precautions 
to ensure a statement and patch release is made in a timely manner.

Please email us a description of the flaw and any related information (e.g. reproduction steps, version) to
[security at chainsafe dot io](mailto:security@chainsafe.io).

Commit message:

Update README with building instructions (#479)

README.md, after:

![ChainSafeGaming](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/681817/218129249-850c4be0-b64f-4215-a780-7766db8cd75e.png)


[<img alt="Discord" src="https://img.shields.io/discord/593655374469660673.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=Discord&logo=discord" height="20">](https://discord.gg/Q6A3YA2)
[<img alt="Twitter" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/espadrine.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=Twitter&color=1DA1F2" height="20">](https://twitter.com/chainsafeth)

## Notices

After **June 15, 2023** all users of the SDK will be required to have their projects registered. Please ensure that you have a valid project ID to avoid any service interruptions by this time. If you need help getting a project ID, we've put together a tutorial to guide you through the process: https://docs.gaming.chainsafe.io/current/project-id-registration.

As always, we're here to help, so feel free to message us in ⁠🕹web3unity-gaming-general  or ⁠🕹gaming-help if you're stuck and need help!

## Documentation
https://docs.gaming.chainsafe.io/

## Support
- Need help with web3.unity or found a bug? Be sure to read the documentation above, then review existing issues or create a new one [here](https://github.com/ChainSafe/web3.unity/issues). This is the best way to get help from the ChainSafe Gaming team.
- Need help from the community, including questions not related to web3.unity? Ask in #community-code-support on [Discord](https://discord.gg/Q6A3YA2).

## Contributing
- Have an idea for a new feature that would improve web3.unity? Create a feature request [here](https://github.com/ChainSafe/web3.unity/issues/new?assignees=&labels=Type%3A+Feature&template=feature_request.md&title=).
- Have a code contribution you'd like to make directly? Make a pull request to this repo!
- Join our community! Say hi on [Discord](https://discord.gg/Q6A3YA2) in #web3unity-gaming-general and share your project built with web3.unity in #gaming-showcase.

## Building the code
- Make sure you clone the repository with its submodules. You can do this by running `git clone --recurse-submodules` when cloning, or running `git submodule update --init` from inside the repository after you've cloned it.
- Run the `src/ChainSafe.GamingSdk.EVM.Unity/publish-to-unity-package` script from within the folder it is in. This will build and publish the libraries to the UPM package's folder, which in turn lets the package build.
- You can now open `src/UnitySampleProject` in Unity and start hacking!

## ChainSafe Security Policy

### Reporting a Security Bug
We take all security issues seriously, if you believe you have found a security issue within a ChainSafe
project please notify us immediately. If an issue is confirmed, we will take all necessary precautions 
to ensure a statement and patch release is made in a timely manner.

Please email us a description of the flaw and any related information (e.g. reproduction steps, version) to
[security at chainsafe dot io](mailto:security@chainsafe.io).
